# The classic Pong game now feature two-player mode
## Introduction
The purpose of this project was to recreate the class Pong game and introduce a new mode that allows two players to participate. The game is written in Verilog that produces the animation of the ball and paddles. A fixed pixel generator is implemented to create a ball, top and bottom border as well as two paddles so that two players can play the game at the same time. The game was then implemented onto Digilent's Nexys A7 board and projected to an external monitor via VGA cables. 
## Design
The VGA synchronization block includes the vga_sync block and the pixel generation block, one Asynchronous In Synchronous Out module to produce one reset signal for all other modules. A clock divider was also created to act as an enable for the h_sync and v_sync block. The h_sync and v_sync blocks then function as two counters which scan through the entire screen and produce video signal which later be processed via a pixel generation module. The module then creates RGB colors and projects to the screen using input from switches. User can play with the switches to make a unique combination that creates a specific color of the wall borders, the paddles as well as the ball. To sum up, all the modules is connected to a top level module. The module instantiates lower module and outputs the signals: rgb, h_sync and v_sync. h_sync and v_sync told the board at what rate to refresh. RGB indicated when and where to grab color signals from. Users can use the switch to change the color of the wall, paddles and the ball.  
## Ball movement
The movement of the paddles is created by first debouncing the buttons that used to control the paddles. After that, while scanning the screen at the same refresh rate as the monitor, it updates the location of the paddles and projects it onto the screen which is controlled by the players. By using some predefined values such as the position of the edges of the ball, the borders, the paddles’ edges, the animation that when ever the ball hits the paddles and the borders, it bounces back to the opposite direction, was created. The ball’s speed and directions of movement can be adjusted to create all kinds of variation for the game. In addition, to finish the logic of the game, the ball is put in the middle of the screen as a player fails to hit the ball and let it touch the side walls. A signal defined as “rescan” keeps track of the debounce button signal and check if it’s active. If any buttons’ signal is active, it moves by 2 pixels/scan in the corresponding direction. 